README.md, before:

# rug-project

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/atomist-rugs/rug-project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/atomist-rugs/rug-project)
[![Slack Status](https://join.atomist.com/badge.svg)](https://join.atomist.com)

This [Rug][rug] archive contains Rug archive project generator.

[rug]: http://docs.atomist.com/

After you create a project with this generator, you may enjoy the compatible editors in [atomist-rugs:rug-editors](https://github.com/atomist-rugs/rug-editors).

## Rugs

### AddReadme

The AddReadme editor adds a GitHub-like `README.md` to a project.

#### Prerequisites

Before running this editor, you must have the following prerequisites
satisfied.

*   A source code repository

#### Parameters

To run this editor, you must supply the following parameters.

Name | Required | Default | Description
-----|----------|---------|------------
`project_name` | Yes | | A valid GitHub repository name.
`description` | No | My new project | A brief description of the project between 1 and 100 characters.

[semver]: http://semver.org

#### Running

Run it as follows:

```
$ cd to/the/repo
$ rug edit atomist-rugs:rug-project:AddReadme \
    project_name=fun-project \
    description='A project that needs a README'
```

This will create a simple `README.md` file in the top-level directory
of the source code repository.  If you are happy with the change,
commit the changes.

## Support

General support questions should be discussed in the `#support`
channel on our community Slack team
at [atomist-community.slack.com][slack].

If you find a problem, please create an [issue][].

[issue]: https://github.com/atomist-rugs/rug-project/issues

## Development

You can build, test, and install the project locally with
the [Rug CLI][cli].

[cli]: https://github.com/atomist/rug-cli

```
$ rug test
$ rug install
```

To create a new release of the project, simply push a tag of the form
`M.N.P` where `M`, `N`, and `P` are integers that form the next
appropriate [semantic version][semver] for release.  For example:

[semver]: http://semver.org

```
$ git tag -a 1.2.3
```

The Travis CI build (see badge at the top of this page) will
automatically create a GitHub release using the tag name for the
release and the comment provided on the annotated tag as the contents
of the release notes.  It will also automatically upload the needed
artifacts.

---
Created by [Atomist][atomist].
Need Help?  [Join our Slack team][slack].

[atomist]: https://www.atomist.com/
[slack]: https://join.atomist.com/

Commit message:

Initial working version of generator
This part was actually done by hand.  Mostly a translation of the
rug-archive:NewRugArchiveProject generator to TypeScript.

Use the AddManifestYml from rug-editors.

README.md, after:

# Atomist 'rug-project'

[![Build Status](https://travis-ci.org/atomist-rugs/rug-project.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/atomist-rugs/rug-project)
[![Slack Status](https://join.atomist.com/badge.svg)](https://join.atomist.com)

This [Rug][rug] project contains a Rug archive project generator.

[rug]: http://docs.atomist.com/

After you create a project with this generator, you may enjoy the
compatible editors in [atomist-rugs:rug-editors][rug-editors].

[rug-editors]: https://github.com/atomist-rugs/rug-editors

## Rugs

### NewRugProject

The NewRugProject generator creates a new Rug archive project.

#### Prerequisites

There are no prerequisites to running this generator.

#### Parameters

To run this generator, you must supply the following parameters.

Name | Required | Default | Description
-----|----------|---------|------------
`project_name` | Yes | |  A valid GitHub repository name, which contains alphanumberic, _, and - characters
`group_id` | Yes | |  Maven group ID, e.g., "company-rugs", typically the GitHub owner of the repo being created is used
`description` | Yes | | A brief description of the project
`version` | No | 0.1.0 | [Semantic version][semver] of the project

[semver]: http://semver.org

#### Running

Run it as follows:

```
$ cd parent/directory
$ rug generate atomist-rugs:rug-archive:NewRugProject \
    ruggery \
    group_id=persian-rugs \
    description="Rug archive to hold my Rugs" \
    version=0.1.0
```

Note the first parameter, the `project_name`, is different in that you
do not need to supply the name of the parameter, just the value.  This
is because the `project_name` parameter is required for all
generators.  This will create a directory named `ruggery` and populate
it with a working Rug archive project.

See the README in the generated project for further instructions.

## Support

General support questions should be discussed in the `#support`
channel on our community Slack team
at [atomist-community.slack.com][slack].

If you find a problem, please create an [issue][].

[issue]: https://github.com/atomist-rugs/rug-project/issues

## Development

You can build, test, and install the project locally with
the [Rug CLI][cli].

[cli]: https://github.com/atomist/rug-cli

```
$ rug test
$ rug install
```

To create a new release of the project, simply push a tag of the form
`M.N.P` where `M`, `N`, and `P` are integers that form the next
appropriate [semantic version][semver] for release.  For example:

[semver]: http://semver.org

```
$ git tag -a 1.2.3
```

The Travis CI build (see badge at the top of this page) will
automatically create a GitHub release using the tag name for the
release and the comment provided on the annotated tag as the contents
of the release notes.  It will also automatically upload the needed
artifacts.

---
Created by [Atomist][atomist].
Need Help?  [Join our Slack team][slack].

[atomist]: https://www.atomist.com/
[slack]: https://join.atomist.com/
